Add request count metric with status code label (#2138)
open-telemetry/opentelemetry-go-contrib: CHANGELOG.md

### Added

- The project is now tested against Go 1.18 (in addition to the existing 1.16 and 1.17) (#1976)

> - Add total requests counter by response status code for the `net/http` instrumentation. (#771)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Add total a counter metric instrument to the `go.opentelemetry.io/contrib/instrumentation/net/http/otelhttp` instrumentation that counts the number or requests and annotates them by their response code. (#771, #2138)
```
